[Music]
this is the amell's 50 and as you can
see it's very popular it still has the
same concept of the animals as a
long-distance Cruiser meant for a couple
but they've added a lot of width at the
transom and now it has twin rudders what
animals have done on this particular
model is make the cockpit much wider you
can see 12 people in comfort around this
central table and typically amell's you
can close up the roof put a cover around
and completely protect this whole area
the galley is to starboard there's an
island forward and an island berth aft
with a bunk bed off on the starboard
side the navigation station is off to
port and one thing we noticed a lot of
space over there and also a lot of
headroom there are some very nice
touches inside this boat every vertical
for example is clad in a leather nicely
stitched and wherever you are within the
whole hull in the cabins or by the
galley or here in the saloon you've
always got a view of the sea I will
describe the new 50 as breaking with
tradition whilst maintaining continuity
so everything is push-button the twin
head CIL's the mainsail all push button
control making it very easy for a couple
to sail